# UsersuserIdmeetingsRecurrence

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**type** | **int** | Recurrence meeting types:&lt;br&gt;&#x60;1&#x60; - Daily.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;2&#x60; - Weekly.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;3&#x60; - Monthly. | 
**repeat_interval** | **int** | Define the interval at which the meeting should recur. For instance, if you would like to schedule a meeting that recurs every two months, you must set the value of this field as &#x60;2&#x60; and the value of the &#x60;type&#x60; parameter as &#x60;3&#x60;.   For a daily meeting, the maximum interval you can set is &#x60;90&#x60; days. For a weekly meeting the maximum interval that you can set is  of &#x60;12&#x60; weeks. For a monthly meeting, there is a maximum of &#x60;3&#x60; months.   | [optional] 
**weekly_days** | **str** | Use this field **only if you&#x27;re scheduling a recurring meeting of type** &#x60;2&#x60; to state which day(s) of the week the meeting should repeat. &lt;br&gt; **Note:** If you would like the meeting to occur on multiple days of a week, you should provide comma separated values for this field. &lt;br&gt;&#x60;1&#x60;  - Sunday. &lt;br&gt;&#x60;2&#x60; - Monday.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;3&#x60; - Tuesday.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;4&#x60; -  Wednesday.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;5&#x60; -  Thursday.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;6&#x60; - Friday.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;7&#x60; - Saturday. | [optional] [default to '1']
**monthly_day** | **int** | Use this field **only if you&#x27;re scheduling a recurring meeting of type** &#x60;3&#x60; to state which day in a month, the meeting should recur. The value range is from 1 to 31.  For instance, if you would like the meeting to recur on 23rd of each month, provide &#x60;23&#x60; as the value of this field and &#x60;1&#x60; as the value of the &#x60;repeat_interval&#x60; field. Instead, if you would like the meeting to recur every three months, on 23rd of the month, change the value of the &#x60;repeat_interval&#x60; field to &#x60;3&#x60;. | [optional] 
**monthly_week** | **int** | Use this field **only if you&#x27;re scheduling a recurring meeting of type** &#x60;3&#x60; to state the week of the month when the meeting should recur. If you use this field, **you must also use the &#x60;monthly_week_day&#x60; field to state the day of the week when the meeting should recur.** &lt;br&gt;&#x60;-1&#x60; - Last week of the month.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;1&#x60; - First week of the month.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;2&#x60; - Second week of the month.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;3&#x60; - Third week of the month.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;4&#x60; - Fourth week of the month. | [optional] 
**monthly_week_day** | **int** | Use this field **only if you&#x27;re scheduling a recurring meeting of type** &#x60;3&#x60; to state a specific day in a week when the monthly meeting should recur. To use this field, you must also use the &#x60;monthly_week&#x60; field.   &lt;br&gt;&#x60;1&#x60; - Sunday.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;2&#x60; - Monday.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;3&#x60; - Tuesday.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;4&#x60; -  Wednesday.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;5&#x60; - Thursday.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;6&#x60; - Friday.&lt;br&gt;&#x60;7&#x60; - Saturday. | [optional] 
**end_times** | **int** | Select how many times the meeting should recur before it is canceled. (Cannot be used with \&quot;end_date_time\&quot;.) | [optional] 
**end_date_time** | **datetime** | Select the final date on which the meeting will recur before it is canceled. Should be in UTC time, such as 2017-11-25T12:00:00Z. (Cannot be used with \&quot;end_times\&quot;.) | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

